Q & A with Sergey

I (Nick) have heard that other groups (supervised by Kemi, for example) have finalized their projects and are now focused on submitting? 

Q: Just to confirm, we have to submit is the poster, abstract, actual app, technical report, contributions report, and a short video demoing the project. That's all, right?
A: 

Q: How to submit the app? As far as I know, we should clone our repo to raptor. Do we zip it? Do we write instructions how to run it?
A: 

Q: Do you (Sergey) have any particular advise for any of the documents and files we must submit?
A: 

Q: When would you advise us to stop working on issues?
A: 

Q: In appendix 4 of the guidance pdf on moodle it is said that we need to have a weekly_meetings.txt file with minutes from the weekly meetings.
    a) We never followed a particular structure when doing the weekly meetings, is that going to be an issue?
    b) We have a folder with txt files, is that ok, or do you suggest to merge them into a single txt file?
A: 

Q: There is some index.html that we have to submit along with the corpus of materils. I looked at the example on moodle, but got confused. What is that supposed to be?
A: 

Q: What is the viva voce (interview like???) examination going to be? Are you leading it and how to prepare for it?

===== Summary =====
To submit:
1. Poster
    - Submitted

2. Abstract
    - Submitted

3. Technical report
    - 6000 words MAX with specific formatting requrements
    - There is a Latex template

4. Corpus of materials
    - The git repo

5. Individual contributions report

6. Video delivarable
    - 5 minutes max

* We then have a viva voce exam